the wine began to sit at home the baron came
This is Ukraine's major because you are
carp type with health problems up
proper reserves sit down temple taught them
battalion and
on the great us hit alla way to the place
dislocations their shot and terrorists
commander Yuri ram watering
sniper bullet stories are not officers
storyline and services than my grandfather and mother
the sphere I already will be your widow or plan
attacks in it will be a nightmare
Questionnaires first work pleased are all happy
on
have complaint condition to tank two children Yuri
ram law in at the entrance
after all sniper coolie soon my level
put on retirement retired in 2004 and vito
let noobs soar from the family and our
sprat months to this is posing
to volunteers I don't know hall yak he passed
toilet wine was an ulcer three elephants divorce
from chopped know him saved by turning on
whining karine truth full of feet may i
I say find whether cornu well you throw on
I'll send you look at the write-off but
our note bene wines duzhe strongly Putin
Winnie mom told her show and who
you are it pretty live yuri buses
on trails up to the 5th territorial battalion
south carpathian defense how do you sleep
again the officer celebrates the kind of commander
headquarters and screaming order bath 420
Let the lens is very frequent Beskova
onion navicat whole battalion for sprat
days to top it off us hits them improve
set foot on the atoll mosquito sell a
we thread 70 flak jackets there alone on
sisters on 2 and right by the porches
ducts 2 build free delicious
miscovich he supplemented it here
I am not a soldier of Islam on assignment
I go from 1 round battalion pro
Carpathia
you guns us hit percentage man by
limits for sprat godin yuri in verse for
crammed up to home and kiss arid then
had them will remain meetings fireman luck
killed i ran luck in it and runaway
older was rarely my check machine and
everything
Nastya really were asking for a small horse we
we will pray for you skin to shew
the attic we managed but not until the night
battalion of burdock runet davis block
let in the streets of the table amfrosievka the whole
coffee on the ladder lapid shelling before reaching
he ships only 100 meters in does not know
quite a lot due to capture not blocks fish
the moons are not sandbags so put tekis
Baroque data waltz and expensively started
shoot at
the idea of ​​all the soldier Rukha we show in
same time i can't to him in a broom
cats and on full kazhi sleep and pril sse
how many more lads have suffered so far
no one knowing the battalion about the Carpathians
fired already in the mouth of the child that they marriage
and elementary stand up for hosts
bitcoin kind of what i'm not growing almost
squad risky had regional
administration
helping him to
let them go to war to deceive their hole
armored vehicles for the nagist you need
went there died from him did not go and
ring and power governor of Carpathian
people promising cap guys
send the brigade a miracle happens there on
a descent
so frequent childbirth name the benefit of the team
raja holidays and maybe groin
through the wall of fire from the area of ​​the atom body
man can not pick up and give them a soul
typewriter
it is bold when the speed run yulia strings
alexander can step profumo wick on stb